Would extra spaces before quotation marks be a sign of academic dishonesty?
International student presently in 4th year PhD. Project in doldrums for nearly a year and lab is toxic. Is it feasible to switch labs/programs now?
How do you narrow down your research focus on understudied subjects to produce original work?
What are the key differences between IPA and thematic analysis in qualitative research?
Marijuana is illegal at the federal level, however several states have leagilized it recreationaly. Did any states during prohibition try to legalize alcohol?
In 1946, the UK government agreed to sell Rolls Royce Nene jet engines to the USSR so long as they were not used for military purposes. The Soviets rather quickly started putting them into jet fighter aircraft. Could the British government really have been so naive or did they have other motives?
What did ancient Indian garments really look like in cold climates?
What are good introductory works into the Second Sino-Japanese war (1931-1945), particularly from the Chinese side?
During the American revolution, who were the Loyalists and why did they support Britain during the revolutionary war?
Has an Indigenous/Native peoples ever won a long term conflict with a major power?
Why were medieval armies so much smaller than Ancient ones?
How realistic was the idea that France would be partitioned off in the years before the French Revolution?
In the 1930s early 40s were there any prominent communists from the state of Maine?
What period in human history have literacy rates been the highest as a percentage of the worlds population?
Immediately after the end of WW1, to whom did the job of clearing debris, filling in trences, removing explosives and exhuming bodies fall to?
Ancient coma patient surviving?
How did French Colonial subjects respond to the French defeat in WW2? Did they support the Vichy or the Free French?
In the US, when did Police begin to be used to enforce evictions?
Do you know any books with real stories of great people compiled?
How does recording oral history, like for language preservation, affect the culture's ongoing oral tradition? Especially if accuracy means adapting to the present?
Why did the commonwealth nations not assist the UK during the Falklands conflict? Or did they?
Why did these ARVN soldiers have American uniforms, flak jackets and helmets, an Israeli Uzi and what looks like a Russian Tokarev handgun?
